T Stage: Size of the main tumor. Numbered 1-4, with 1 being the smallest and 4 the biggest 
        obviously wont be used to predict tumor size as that owuld be redundant

N Stage: Number of nearby lymph nodes that have cancer. N0 means cancer has not spread, N1-3 means it has, severity increasing with Number


6th stage: https://www.patientpower.info/breast-cancer/breast-cancer-stages
            essentially, a measure of how far the cancer has progressed. You've most lkely heard of stage 1-4 cancers, this just has subgroups.
            in increasing order: IA, IB, IIA, IIB, IIC, IIIA, IIIB, IIIC, IV. So 1-4 but in roman numerals, and then a sub group. For more 
            info on what each stage entails, see link.
            This is based on T stage, N stage and size so cannot be used to predict tumor size.

Differenciate: this describes how much or how little tumor tissue looks like the normal tissue it came from. Well-differentiated cancer cells
             look more like normal cells and tend to grow and spread more slowly than poorly differentiated or undifferentiated cancer cells.
             Poorer differenciation = WORSE cancer

Grade: The grade describes the appearance of the cancerous cells. Used in tandem with differenciation. Or as an alternative to the t, n values above.
        The number stages are:

            stage 0 – the cancer is where it started (in situ) and hasn't spread
            stage 1 – the cancer is small and hasn't spread anywhere else
            stage 2 – the cancer has grown, but hasn't spread
            stage 3 – the cancer is larger and may have spread to the surrounding tissues and/or the lymph nodes (or "glands", part of the immune system)
            stage 4 – the cancer has spread from where it started to at least 1 other body organ, also known as "secondary" or "metastatic" cancer


A stage: Regional—Cancer has spread to nearby lymph nodes, tissues, or organs. Distant—Cancer has spread to distant parts of the body
        partially based on t stage so not suitable to predict tumor size
Tumor size : self explanatory, bigger = WORSE

Estrogen status: A breast cancer is estrogen receptor-positive if it has receptors for estrogen. This suggests that the cancer cells, like normal
         breast cells, may receive signals from estrogen that tell the cells to grow
         If positive, this is good, supposedly increases survival probability


Progestrone status: The same as above, negative = BAD

#Regional Nodes Examined: the count of lymph nodes examined in the regional area during a medical examination or surgical procedure.
                    One could assume more = more accurate result? Average number of samples taken is usually 1.2 to 3.4

#Regional nodes positive: The number of the above with cancer. Would probably use these two columns in cnjuntion and get a percentage




grade, lymph node measured, lymph nodes positive, n stage